h1. Finder Info Plugin

Source code of the intellij IDEA Referencer plugin
This is a plugin for the various intellij IDEs, working in IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate and Community Edition,
RubyMine, WebStorm, PhpStorm, PyCharm, PyCharm CE, AppCode and Android Studio.


h2. Description

The plugin extends the project files popup menu with an option for showing file informations in the Mac OSX finder.
Additionally, opening the file information brings all finder windows to front.

Please note: this plugin works on Mac OSX only.


h2. Third Party Resources

The icon used in the menu item is from the Font Awesome 4.1.0 Project by Dave Gandy
available at: http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/


h2. License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Kay Stenschke

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.